                       UFO (X-COM) Saved Game editor, v1.2
                             by JL Enterprises, 1996


Introduction
------------
UFO is an ingenious game by Microprose that does not take much time at
all to master.  The game itself, however, sometimes becomes difficult
because you must manage your resources carefully.  This simple little
program allows you to edit various items stored in the saved game files
created by UFO, such as your total money, the various items in your
storehouses, the types of buildings you have on your different bases,
and also the statistics of any soldier that you have recruited.

The advantage of the first two options are obvious, but one might ask
why you'd need to create buildings when you can do that in the game.
Well, for one thing, it won't require any money to create buildings
inside my editor, and also, the construction is instantaneous. The last
option is especially useful because you can greatly improve the accuracy
of your soldiers and can even put any type of armour available in the
game on your men.  You can promote your soldiers to any rank, reanimate
dead soldiers, and even do immediate (and free) transfers to your other
bases.

This editor requires a VGA monitor and a mouse to run (the requirements
of the game anyways).  You need to at least place the exe file of the
editor in your main UFO directory and run it from there.


Comments
--------
This editor was written and tested with the UK version of the game
(marketed as UFO).  It has not yet been tested with the final US release
(marketed as X-COM), but there should be no problems unless the file
formats have changed.

When editing your money, I'd recommend not maxing it out, since you get
quite a bit each month and your money will wrap around and you'll have
negative money.  The best thing to do is to hit "max", and then edit the
amount so that the most significant digit is one less to give the game
plenty of "elbow room".

When you're editing the stocks that you have in your inventory, be aware
that it is possible to edit your saved game so that you'll have more
than you have storage for.  This will not be a problem unless you try to
get more items in the game.  You will also run into a problem if you
assign weapons on one of your ships and then try to unassign weapons
from it (there won't be any room in your base to relocate it).


Registration
------------
The usage of this program is not free.  I require that if you use this
program more than once, you should register.  Registration only costs US
$5 and will remove the 'enter the number' prompt upon startup and will
also display that the program is registered to you--to give you
something to be proud of. :)

To register, simply send US $5 along with your name, telephone number,
and a self-addressed stamped envelope (so I can mail your registration
number to you without having to figure out the correct postage) to the
below address (note somewhere that you are registering UFOEDIT).  If you
have an e-mail address, feel free to enclose it instead of the envelope
(saves you a couple stamps) and I will send your code to you that way.


How to reach the author
-----------------------
I can reached via Snail-mail at:

        Jeff Lawson
        1893 Kaweah Drive
        Pasadena, CA 91105-2174
        USA

or through E-mail at:

        jlawson@hmc.edu    or    JeffLawson@aol.com

also via phone at:

        (213) 258-5604     or    (213) 258-4264
